added documentation for CLI policy report (#15)
kyverno/website: content/en/docs/Kyverno CLI/_index.md

```
kyverno apply /path/to/add_network_policy.yaml --resource /path/to/required_default_network_policy.yaml -f /path/to/value.yaml
```

> #### Policy Report:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Policy Report
```
(no colon)

| ---- |:-------------:| :---------------:| :--------:| :-------------:| :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| 
| 1.   | policy.yaml   | -r resource.yaml | false     |                | apply policy from file to the resource from file                                         |
| 2.   | policy.yaml   | -r resourceName  | true      |                | apply policy from file to the resource in cluster                                        |
| 3.   | policy.yaml   |                  | true      |                | apply policy from file to all the resources in cluster                                   |
| 4.   | policy.yaml   | -r resourceName  | true      | -n=namespace   | apply policy from file to the resource in cluster in mentioned namespace                 |
| 5.   | policy.yaml   |                  | true      | -n=namespace   | apply policy from file to all the resources in cluster in mentioned namespace            |

Example:

Consider the following policy and resources:

policy.yaml

> ```apiVersion: kyverno.io/v1

Reviewer: This is still incorrect.
I'd expect to see
<pre>
```yaml
apiVersion: kyverno.io/v1
</pre>

> ```apiVersion: kyverno.io/v1

Reviewer: I recommend a newline after the <tt>\`\`\`</tt>

kind: ClusterPolicy
metadata:
  name: require-pod-requests-limits
  annotations:
    policies.kyverno.io/category: Workload Management

>     policies.kyverno.io/description: As application workloads share cluster resources, it is important 
>       to limit resources requested and consumed by each pod. It is recommended to require 
>       'resources.requests' and 'resources.limits' per pod. If a namespace level request or limit is 
>       specified, defaults will automatically be applied to each pod based on the 'LimitRange' configuration.

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
    policies.kyverno.io/description: >-
      As application workloads share cluster resources, it is important to limit resources
      requested and consumed by each pod. It is recommended to require 'resources.requests'
      and 'resources.limits' per pod. If a namespace level request or limit is specified,
      defaults are automatically applied to each pod based on the 'LimitRange' configuration.
```
?

(there are lots of different ways to write multiline YAML; this is one I think makes sense).

spec:
  validationFailureAction: audit
  rules:
  - name: validate-resources
    match:
      resources:
        kinds:
        - Pod
    validate:

>       message: "CPU and memory resource requests and limits are required"

Reviewer: Also valid:
```suggestion
      message: CPU and memory resource requests and limits are required"
```

Author: @sftim didn't get what were you suggesting here. 
this should be fine right. 
```message: "CPU and memory resource requests and limits are required"```. Since we have more than a word, its better to keep the enclosing quotes.

Reviewer: Either's fine. YAML lets you have strings without quoting them. No need to modify anything here.

      pattern:
        spec:
          containers:
          - resources:
              requests:
                memory: "?*"
                cpu: "?*"
              limits:
                memory: "?*"
```

resource1.yaml

> ```apiVersion: v1

Reviewer: I recommend a newline after the <tt>\`\`\`</tt>

> ```apiVersion: v1

Reviewer: This is still incorrect.
I'd expect to see
<pre>
```yaml
apiVersion: v1
</pre>

metadata:
  name: nginx1
  labels:
    env: test
spec:
  containers:
  - name: nginx
    image: nginx
    imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
    resources:
      requests:
        memory: "64Mi"
        cpu: "250m"
      limits:
        memory: "128Mi"
        cpu: "500m"
```

resource2.yaml

> ```apiVersion: v1

Reviewer: I recommend a newline after the <tt>\`\`\`</tt>

> ```apiVersion: v1

Reviewer: This is still incorrect.
I'd expect to see
<pre>
```yaml
apiVersion: v1
</pre>

kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: nginx2
  labels:
    env: test
spec:
  containers:
  - name: nginx
    image: nginx
    imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
```

Case 1: Apply policy manifest on resource manifest

```
kyverno apply policy.yaml -r resource1.yaml -r resource2.yaml --policy_report
```

Case 2: Apply policy manifest on cluster resource 

create above resource manifest in cluster.
```
kyverno apply policy.yaml -r nginx1 -r nginx2 --cluster --policy_report
```

Case 3: Apply policy manifest on all resource avaliable in cluster
```
kyverno apply policy.yaml --cluster --policy_report
```
This will validate all the pods avaliable in cluster.

Case 4: Apply policy manifest on resource avaliable in cluster under a specific namspace
```
kyverno apply policy.yaml -r nginx1 -r nginx2 --cluster --policy_report -n default
```

Case 5: Apply policy manifest on all resource avaliable in cluster under a specific namespace
```
kyverno apply policy.yaml --cluster --policy_report -n default
```
This will validate all the pods avaliable in cluster avaliable under default namespace.

On applying policy.yaml on the mentioned resources, the following report will be generated: 

> ```

Reviewer: If you add “yaml” to the end of this line, the sample is syntax highlighted.

> apiVersion: wgpolicyk8s.io/v1alpha1

Reviewer: If you add “yaml” to the end of the <tt>\`\`\`</tt>, the sample is syntax highlighted.

I'd expect to see:
<pre>
```yaml
apiVersion: wgpolicyk8s.io/v1alpha1
</pre>
